Contrary or negative, about any of our businesses. We don't do that. We only get feedback internally, not externally, to anyone.
But at the same time.
Allowing us to have praise for all of the the positive traits and qualities that not only investors, but other, you know, partners and other supporters of you. Wanna look for.
If we can just say that in unison for all 12 companies throughout the entire program, that is always a get.
So we really appreciate everybody being in alignment there with decorum.
Yeah, and it'll say this in the Handbook. But.
We didn't used to fully require attendance at all of our sessions, but after a certain point, so many iterations and design
Thinking went into the program that we're confident in asking you guys to be there and asking for your time. This is something that we take very sensitively, is your time and prioritizing certain things for you, and we try to make sure that we're good stewards of your time. In addition to attendance. The second part of your role is engagement. So not only being here, but being present. So keeping your video on and being fully present and engaged in our program sessions, as well.
Really important to us. Multitasking is just not going to work because of the density of the.
Curriculum that you're going to be given. So you're going to be learning very deep things. Someone said, it sounds like we. You might be going back to university it. It is very similar to that. Neil and I are actually both faculty at Northwestern University, and we use very similar teaching styles at the college. So it is going to be pretty dense, and you do wanna make sure you're paying attention. If for some reason you need to step out.
You can leave and come back. It's totally fine. It's it's not drill, Sergeant Time, but just making a promise to yourself to be engaged. And it's also respectful to all of our presenters that we're bringing in. We're gonna be bringing in experts from around the world who will be zooming in.
Yeah, Dave, you can absolutely take notes. That's more than encouraged.
But just making sure you give that respect cause these people are not getting paid. They're coming to give their time just by our give 1st motto of tech stars, and so the best thing we can do to put our good foot forward for them is to be engaged.
Ask questions when they ask you to participate. Make sure that we have a lot of people raising hands. All that good hygiene.
The 3rd part is being collaborative. So, yeah, is there a question.
Okay.
Well, Lily, I was just gonna add that the engagement part also benefits you because.
We've had mentors, workshop presenters, and others who come visit, and for you know, present.
To you all.
Take a liking or curiosity to specific founders who stand out in those interactions and engagements. So the ones who are the most inquisitive.
Who seem to apply what they're learning as they go follow up afterwards they end up getting angel checks. They end up getting additional advice and guidance for free.
They end up getting a lot more benefits than what they originally thought they were signing up for.
Because they're demonstrating how you know significant.
And and important. There.
They're taking what they're learning.
So all of these different inputs are signals about whether a founder is likely to succeed or not.
The 3rd part is being collaborative. So your role is also, you have the expectation that you guys are collaborating with your classmates.
Neil. And I always say the biggest value that you're gonna get out of this program. Apart from the design curriculum, the funding, the
Optics of getting to be in techstars, which is a huge deal. The biggest value you're gonna get is.
The classmates you're gonna meet here. So.
Part of your role is to be collaborative with them, working together, learning about each other's backgrounds, learning about each other's companies.
Helping each other with your problems and just collaborating on everything, putting your heads together, problem solving together. It is.
The highest value. I can't say it enough that you're going to get from this, and the more you lean in the more you'll get out of it. A lot of class classes are still meeting monthly, helping each other because they got so close during program. And I say this at the beginning of every single program, and a lot of people aren't aren't sure they're like, that's not really why I came to Texas. I'm here for the learning. I'm here for all of that, and every single person on the last day is.
Saying, Wow, my class is exactly the biggest thing I got out of techstars. So I'm just giving you that warning now and telling you to lean in as much as possible.
1. 1 more thing to acknowledge about that. You'll hear me say this a few times. It's gonna come up as we, as we continue to iterate, reiterate that point, but.
There are probably some companies in this group right now that are gonna build multi 1 million dollar businesses.
And not only will you all be able to work together with the founders who do that hopefully, it's all of you, but definitely some are gonna do that but there have been times in the past where founders have pulled together resources and found a way to share with.
That.
Particular company, success.
You all put a little full little capital together, and you end up investing in that business that's taken off so.
Even if it's not everyone. If some of you succeed and you end up looking out for each other, everybody gets to ride the wave.
So there's a lot of really cool stories like that that happen in tech stars.
And then the 4th one is staying communicative. So communication is something we very highly value our base camp training. We'll talk more about communication. And then next week Neil and I will do project management day with you guys. But outside of just digital communication and good hygiene of keeping us up to date. There's also intellectual honesty. So, making sure that.
Any key updates that are happening. Anything like that. You're coming to Neil. To myself. We're like your co-founders now. So we want to stay up to date with your business, with what's happening, with what you need, even if it's bad. So a lot of people are kind of like intimidated to give bad news to Neil, but that's actually exactly when you should come to him. So we've really value staying extremely.
And that starts now. So you should treat us as your co-founders. We're in the weeds with you. We wanna know what's happening. The good, the bad, the ugly, anything like that. And that's also day to day. That's telling us when you can't come to a session that's telling us you have to drop early for something.
That's also telling us, hey, we lost a customer today. So whatever it is staying communicative is extremely important for your role here.
And I can't say that there isn't any like. There's nothing I haven't seen.
But I've made 150 investments.
Over the past 5 years.
And I've seen a lot.
So whatever you're going through is probably not gonna phase us like we're ready for it doesn't matter what it is. You can trust us. We have seen a lot, and we can hopefully draw from those experiences to help you.
So that's your role. We can go to the next slide.
Do you want to explain, Eirs now.
Yeah. Happy to. So one really cool?
Addition to the tech Stars program that's happened in recent years is.
With.
The scale of the organization expanding to over 30 different cities now over the world, we've had to find ways to augment what I do as managing director with with each of our classes. So my perspective and experience only goes so far. I'm 1 person with.
You know 1 1 set of things. It's always nice to have.
A few other people who are just as qualified.
To weigh in and spend time with each of your businesses. So we actually deliberately hire.
3 people per class of 12 companies to directly work with the companies on a weekly basis. In addition to myself.
So these are called eis entrepreneurs and residents, and each class we kind of hand pick.
People and recruit them. Who, we think would be a great fit to spend some of their time. We can't afford their time to be honest, but we offer up a stipend as a formality, because every program we've had we have these mentors who end up spending.
A disproportion amount of time working with the companies, and they they're so awesome, and all the founders say they're awesome, but they're spread too thin.
So this is a way for us to formalize our relationship with some of our smartest.
And most effective entrepreneurs and operators.
Give them a little bit of money so that they have a formal time commitment to specific companies at specific phases of the program experience, so you'll you'll find out who they are and and meet them in the in the coming weeks.
I'm excited for you to meet them.
Okay, next, slide.
Perfect.
So communication protocol. This is 2 parts.
One, you're gonna learn a lot about tomorrow. So our hub for the program is base camp. And I wrote this out in my email on Friday. Everything you'll need to know. We take pride in it all being a 1 shop. So everything is in there. That's where we'll communicate. That's where you'll submit things from your team. That's also where you'll communicate with your classmates. There will be an Hq. Where all of you are. There will also be an individual company, project.
Where our team works hands-on with your team in the weeds of your business. And then the second part is for more immediate.
Quick responses. We have another app that's on your phone called Voxer. And this is like an Async Walky. A lot of venture capitalists use this. Our CEO, David Cohen, is on there. Most managing directors are on there, and this is how we communicate with our founders for direct or urgent things. Think of it as a direct line to Neil.
So whenever you need him you can send a little voice. Memo. You'll hear back from him 24 to 48 h.
Pretty immediately. Base camp is. We're also pretty much on there every single day. But if we happen to be in a meeting or something, and you just need to quickly box us. We can. We can get that. So all of the information on how to download that and everything is in the program handbook which we'll get later this week.
And then for base camp. You'll get access at the end of the day tomorrow after I train you guys in the morning and kind of just show you everything that you need to know.
The only other thing that we use is Google Calendar to do all of our virtual.
Programming as well as email to communicate with external members. So like our mentors, our workshop hosts, people like that are not going to be in base camp with us. That's just for the founders and our program team. So we do have to use email to communicate with the outside world, as I say, but everything for the program will be centered in base cam, and the main reason for Boxer is because Neil's inbox is extremely flooded by.
Thousands of other founders who want his attention kind of same with mine. And so it's not a great way to communicate with us. When you guys send us emails, they get buried under hundreds of emails per day with other people.
But voxer is a direct line that we only give to you guys same with base camp. So only our founders and our internal team are on voxer and base camp. So you get this direct line straight to us.
Do you wanna add anything about communication? Maybe like Async stuff, Neil.
Yeah, we we value asynchronous communication, because.
It's such a treat to have time for flow.
As many of you all, I'm sure, would appreciate.
I come from a programming background myself and.
Having 3 4 blocks of uninterrupted time per day is golden to me.
And I want to give you all that same gift if we can.
That being said when it's time for real conversation, we're there for it, and we're happy to do it. We just wanna make sure that we've gone through the layers of understanding whether it's the right thing to do.
So just trust our process. And I think.
Especially as co-founders and leaders of your businesses as you scale them up. You're gonna appreciate some of our techniques.
Great.
Okay, next, slide.
Weekly expectations. So the 1st month which I'll go over in the next slide is kind of crazy because we.
Have an inundation of workshops in the 1st week purposefully, so we can give you as much info as quickly as possible, so that that can start being implemented as early as possible.
And then we go into mentor. Madness.
So the 1st month is very unique, and it's kind of a very busy time. But months 2 and 3 get into a rhythm. So once we pass weeks 5 and 6, and we're in that.
Second and 3rd trimester of the program. You'll see that we get into this weekly cadence. So on a week to week basis what you can expect once we get into that flow.
Kpis weekly with your Eis.
CEO and Cxo small groups which I'll be groups of 4. That's where you guys will get pretty close. That's kind of to support each other personally and professionally, and to just have a more intimate setting outside of the larger group to support each other. You'll have CEO roundtable every other week with Neil, and sometimes myself. And that's where we. It's with the CEO's over here, the problems that you're facing and all of the Ceos.
As well as part of our program team, put our heads together to try and solve those problems.
For each of the Ceos, and then the last thing is 12 by 12. So you'll see that written as 12 x 12, that is 12 companies by 12 noon on Fridays. It is basically an end of week round Table where we close out the week. We'll have it every other week.
And we give our highs and lows of the week and kind of reflect things like that. And that's where we can come together and kind of learn more about each other, and hear about each other's weeks and bond, and I really like those. The 12 by 12 are some of my favorite parts of the program. Sometimes we'll have themed 12 by 12, so we'll have, like a Halloween one for costume contest things like that. So there are fun things sprinkled in those are your weekly expectations.
You will also get a base camp to do list every week with certain deliverables that won't happen as much in the 1st few weeks of program. You might have one for week one, but it'll happen a lot more in that second and 3rd month where you'll have these deliverables every single week.
Some of them go with the workshops that you'll have that week, and some of them are outside of that and just part of our program. So make sure that you're looking at Base Camp. If, after I give the training tomorrow, you still don't understand base camp, or you need help, it's very crucial that you make sure that you understand it, and you reach out for help, because you will be held to.
Delivering these assignments and things like that. And so you wanna make sure that you know where to find them.
We can get.
And just to illuminate a little bit of what we mean by that, like we're talking.
Data, room stuff, financial models, certain things to prep for sales, workshops, all types of things that are additive to your progress with your business, but, like more uniquely cater to the particular programming we have that week.
Exactly.
We can go to the next slide.
So program structure. I was kind of hinting at it in the last one, but the program is kind of broken up into 3 months. The 1st month is introduction and mentor, madness.
It's just full of programming. You should think of month one as just. You're just here to learn. Your brain's gonna be full of knowledge. You're gonna have pages, notes.
The second week is going to be arena week, where you kind of give presentations on some of the stuff you learned, and we tell you where you're at for each subject.
And then we'll have 2 weeks of mentor madness, and that concludes month one.
Month.
It'll start with Sf, tech week, which is kind of unique for this program. It's pretty cool that's happening. During your program I wrote a lot about it. And Chloe also made you guys a guide. It's all in the email that I sent on Friday. But we will have no programming in week 5. So that you guys can attend that if you choose to do so.
And then week, 6.
We'll start growth month. So month 2 is growth month. We'll start by being all in person with some experts flying in.
For our mid-program Meetup, and then the rest of the weeks of that month are just filled with growth sales like growth, hacking sales.
And all these different things that'll just like help. You take the knowledge that you learned in month one, and then.
Product development.
Yeah, actually, iterate and develop your product launch, start making money.
Iterating on experimenting, and all of those different things validating your assumptions. You've made all of that. And then the 3rd month we go into fundraising. Prep and demo day prep.
So pretty much. Every workshop will be there like pitch practice, helping you with your product, Demo, or getting you ready to launch a fundraising round. So that's how we break up our program. And then, obviously, it culminates in Demo Day, which will be the 1st week of December.
That's.
The basic structure. I think the next slide is about it being hybrid. Can you click the next slide.
Yeah, so it is a hybrid program. And when I say hybrid, it is an in person program that is remote, accessible. So in person programming. We have an office. Our team will be there. It'll be available for the entire duration of the program to all full time participants.
For the non full time participants. We'll have a.
Daily rate that you guys can pay to have your part time people in there. But for all of our full time participants, you'll be a full member for these 3 months, and you'll have full 24 7 access to the office.
But there will be weeks that are remote, accessible. This is extremely helpful to our founders, so you can take meetings in other cities.
You can do any sort of obligations you need personally, if you need to be somewhere else. And then we just have certain weeks where it's immersive and we're all gonna be there required. Our host will be in person things like that. So that's kind of where we get the hybrid we are very prepared to run a hybrid program where everything is streamable.
We also have a lot of international who might not make it to week one because of visa issues. So we'll be streaming every single in person thing to be completely accessible. Remotely so, even if you have co-founders who aren't going to be joining us in person, maybe they're part time or something. They can join every single session, or maybe 98% of the sessions. Virtually every single thing will be also hosted on zoom.
lilliana. I think, technically speaking.
We've only ever run hybrid programs.
Yep.
I don't think we've run any other kind of program ever. This is our 12th program, and every single one has been running this hybrid form.
Yep, and I would say, This is.
Probably the most in person program we've ever run. Having a full-time office is not something we've ever really done before.
We've had
An office during the immersive weeks. But this one is the 1st time we'll have, like a fully staffed office for the entire duration of the program accessible to our every single founder which is really exciting.
Yeah. So we'll we'll learn new things based on that, too.
I'm very excited for you guys to see the office, it is within galvanize, galvanize San Francisco, which is kind of like a, we work.
And they are so excited to meet you all the members of galvanize that already work there. They're working on their own startups and the staff there. They're so excited that tech stars is coming. So I know that they're gonna wanna like talk to in the kitchen and everything like that. So it'll be a great community for you guys. I can't wait.
There are lots of places for you all to carve out to work.
If you don't want to be in the main spaces that we already have dedicated.
And there are multiple floors for you all to occupy as well. So.
I feel like the tech stars companies are just gonna like.
Take over that building.
Okay? And the last slide.
Is our commitment so.
We have this written out more fully. We wrote a commitment for you guys just like you wrote one to get into program. But the highlights here. I'll let you read the full thing in the handbook. The highlights are. We know we're expecting a lot from you, but it goes both ways. So we hold ourselves to operational excellence. We hold ourselves to always being here to help you guys.
Through the thick and thin of making a business, and we know that we can do that because we've done this many times before. The highest value at techstars is give. 1st you'll hear us say that a thousand times, and you'll hear the members of our network say that but we also value do what's right for founders. And when, as a team, so our highest value is ensuring your success.
So that's kind of our commitment to you.
I think the next slide is questions. Did you want to add anything? Now?
You nailed it. We're good.
Yeah. So I have some announcements.
30 min to spare. That's good.
I know.
I figured there might be quite a few questions, so hit me with all of them, and then I'll go through some announcements, and then we'll break for lunch.
Don't be shy. I'm sure everyone has questions.
Yeah. I guess in terms of updating for not being able to make certain meetings do. Who do we reach out to for that? And do we wanna do that through Boxer email.
I don't know. I missed that part.
Base. Count. Okay.
You'll wanna do it through base camp base. I'll show you how to do it tomorrow. Chloe and Academia are our like program managers. Program. Coordinator and program associate are their titles. And so they'll be the ones that are in charge of attendance and things like that. So you can, you can message either of them.
In base, camp.
Well, if if you could go into a bit more detail on what the.
You know.
You were talking about the CEO change. We've already read about it. A couple of weeks ago.
If you could go into more detail about what this tech starts to point out, thing is because.
Sure.
You know it looks exciting, but I don't get what it is, and I don't like things that I don't get so.
Yeah, no, I understand. And I feel the same way. I don't like things that I don't get either. So there were just a lot of performance improvements that were planned for techs overall.
And many of them are still underway. Some of them are changing with new leaderships. So there was a plan to.
You know.
Roll back text Us programs to certain markets.
That.
Plan is in part still in motion, but is also in part being.
Paused or rolled back.
So, without saying too much, I'll just say that.
One of the most important aspects of techs, historically, has been community.
So it's really important for us.
Even if we're entering new communities to make sure that we're maintaining strong relationships.
The communities that helped.
This organization get off the ground. In the early years.
So we're doing a lot of work right now as a company to make sure that.
With alumni all over the world, and currently and actively operating in 30 different cities.
With this text our 2 announcement that was happening earlier this year.
There were changes that were happening that made San Francisco like a key market for us now going forward. New York, Boston, and La.
That also came with an announcement that there were some other markets and communities that we operated in, that we are no longer operating in.
Right. That was Seattle, Chicago, Austin.
Boulder.
And I think we're in conversation right now to maintain activity in in some of these places. Still.
So that's kind of what it means. Right now. I'll share a much more unvarnished.
Version of this story when we're on the retreat.
That's not recorded.
That's what I call it off the record.
It.
I have a quick question oh, Dominique, you have your hand raised.
And then we'll go back to you, Annie.
No, it's fine. I'll go up to you. Go ahead. It's fine, all good.
Okay, yeah, just a quick question, when can we start using the office space? I'm just excited to see it use it.
Get out of my little studio apartment.
Yeah, I'm excited for you guys to September 9.th Our 1st day is gonna be when you can get in there we'll do a tour we'll kick off with like a little quick orientation with the staff, and then we'll all be in there right now. We're getting it ready. We're putting up some decals and like just finishing touches, and then they'll be ready for you guys. On September 9.th
Awesome. That's such a great resource. Thank you.
Yeah, I'm excited for you guys.
Kevin. Oh, let's go back to Dominique, and then Kevin.
Thanks, thanks, Kevin. No, it was just a question regarding communication, so I'm conscious of.
Add in another communication to the cohort, but.
I hear.
And Fox. I hope I've said that correctly is is the direct communication to Neil, and so forth.
Then we've got base camp, which I'm super excited about. But I'm just thinking in terms of a group between the cohort that.
More for like.
I don't know socially like, Hey, I'm I'm here. So I wanna grab a coffee or.
Oh no!
Shall we do this? I don't know. It's just an idea. I'm I'm just nervous to suggest it, and everyone's like, Oh, not.
Patient channel.
Okay.
Of course. No, no, that's going to happen like that's inevitable. There's always gonna be a group that gets formed. We don't necessarily dictate what form that is.
My my recommendation would be to like, try out my little boxer thing because you can form your own private group.
On, that.
Amongst each other there. Yeah, you could do it there for sure, and have it as your own, like, meaning not something that we're seeing or managing ourselves. So I think you'd appreciate that to keep things simple. However. We can't tell you what to do. You. You all are your own founders and your own skin. So if you all decide, another channel makes sense. By all means do that. But I would definitely recommend trying out what we're recommending to start.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, no, I totally misunderstood. I thought I didn't realize you could do that on Vox. So yeah, like.
Oh, you didn't hear anything wrong. I love that idea, Dominique.
I think.
I mean, I mean, for that matter, you can also have your own base camp, too, like that. You could have your own project, that we're not a part of. That's also an option. So.
Okay, I wasn't thinking about discluding you guys. It was more just.
Nope, that's it's something that.
Ask this.
No, no, but but it's it's very important. Actually, we recommend it like we strongly encourage, like you all having your own.
Space to talk amongst each other. It's not enough like a and, by the way, like.
I'm with you like I'm a founder, like I'm just like a cool person like I don't want you all to think that I'm like overseeing and monitoring you, or anything like that like I could hang.
Just like the rest of us. But.
Sometimes you all are more comfortable.
Sharing like certain things just with the group.
Just with your fellow classmates, and and we wanna make sure you have that space.
Yeah. Awesome.
Yeah.
It's also social like you said like, you'll all be an Sf. Most of the time. So like, I want you guys to hang out as much as possible. Self organize when there's not.
Official programming. I think that's great. I will say, like the I think the most successful groups.
In the past. Every single class we've done have had their own private channels. The least platforms you can use the better. I've seen that it does. You do get platform fatigue.
Yeah, it gets spread out. Yeah.
Yeah.
We require you guys to use these 2 like you're gonna miss out on huge parts of communication if you don't have these 2. So adding, a 3rd does inundate you guys quite a bit. So the most you can keep it onto those 2 I highly recommend. But, like Neil said, we? We don't really oversee that. So that's totally up to you guys.
Like.
But everybody gets passionate about their own tool.
Hi.
Some people like slack. Some people like Whatsapp. Some people like.
You know, whatever like thing you want to choose choice, but it gets a little messy when everybody's got opinions about what tools the best what features they want, so just be wary of that.
Yep.
I can see encouraging a lot of our channels. Now get over to box, just to make it easier, because I agree on the fatigue. So no, that's awesome to me, everyone socially, and have some fun.
Yeah, thank, you.
You're not.
I'm excited for you guys to see base camp tomorrow. Cause usually like at least half the class is like, I'm just gonna use base camp for my company now, and they stop using everything else because they just want everything in one place which is awesome.
Yeah, see?
Kevin, you're next.
Yeah, so there's some really cool tech stars that I don't wanna reach out to I know the acceptance was the confidential.
Acceptance. So we weren't necessarily able to tell people that we're part of this upcoming tech starts cohort.
When can we start? I guess, announcing that just.
For me in terms of like connecting with previous texts or startups.
Oh, well, I mean you could introduce yourself to those companies.
Now, that's okay. You can say, Hey, I'm I'm entering the next upcoming class of San Francisco, really excited. I want to get to know you or get connected, or you have specific questions. Just make sure you come correct.
And you you like. Not every founder is gonna be as responsive as another right? So just assume good intent, and that they're not ignoring you. If for some reason it takes more time to get a hold of somebody that you're trying to reach out to.
But you're more than welcome to reach out to founders now that are in the tech network, to let them know what you're doing.
Okay, cool. Appreciate that.
Just to clarify for things outside of that kind of like one on one communication. We do want to wait until September 9.th
That is the day of like where we're the press. Release goes out so.
As much as it can help you on these kind of one, on one settings.
Networking things like that just extend that same confidentiality. Let them know it's not super public yet.
And then September 9, th and it'll be all of our social media.
Any other questions.
I would like to know a bit more about the demo day actually like
I know you guys.
Like did it all. There's a lot of them.
Like.
What different are you expecting? Because I'm I can see that your guys are really excited about the San Francisco batch.
And what do you think how it will go and like.
Sure.
Yeah.
What is the format? People are going to be there, and what do you expect? Different.
We we give, we give a whole session to prepare you all for Demo Day, where we share all the past videos from the previous demo days we've run. We set expectations. We explained to you what to get from it and what you know you shouldn't expect from it anymore.
Demo day amongst accelerators has evolved a lot over the years. There was a time, many years ago, when I was early on in my entrepreneur journey, where it was like everything.
People flew in from all over the world just to come to a demo day, and it was a big deal, whereas now it's become almost like.
The culmination of your experience.
There's sourcing of meaningful connections, meaning certain investors and people you want to have in the room. It's all good, but I will say that Demo day is not nearly as important for the overall success of the founder experience and the accelerator program than it was.
So I. It is helpful that you asked that because it's important to set that expectation right now that, like Demo Day is not.
The answer to our problems here like, it's not gonna trigger like it's not gonna make it rain, like all the money is gonna come from it and like, it's not gonna be like the biggest deal. Whereas before I think it stress people out because people had to do a lot of practice, memorization, stress, and like. It was like this whole pageant.
Of a thing.
And now it's like a little bit more chill, like I have. You guys get up there. You do a 1 min pitch.
You have a QA conversation with your, and you also do a product demo and product video. So that's the format for demo day that we do.
We found a lot of success in it, so much so that many other tech programs have adopted.
Our design.
For how we run our our demo days.
Yeah, I would say to view Demo Day. It's so good that you asked that. Thank you. As a celebration of your experience like, Neil said. I see it as like an entering into society, kinda like we're doing like a debutant kind of thing, because everyone from the community will be there. But it's not a fundraising event. The money comes from the hard work that you'll put in in the months coming after program. So setting up those meetings, working hard, doing intros, using all of the.
Tools that we will teach you in month 3, and putting those into action, as well as having an investable and fundable business that people find attractive, which is what the entire program is about.
So all of the work and months that come right after programs where that fundraising and money and whatever else you need, activation of customers. All of that will come after the demo day is just a single day. And it's just a celebration kind of graduation for you guys to enter into the community of startups.
You do get a really nice artifact, though. So we hire a video production company to do a really well produced.
Recording of your pitch.
So that you can use that afterwards to send out. So if there are people not in the room.
That you wanted to extend the experience to, you can say, Hey, check out this. You know, my, my demo date video, can we have a conversation. So that's another really helpful resource. A lot of our founders.
Dominique.
Trying to get off mute. Hey? It's William here. So this is
Change of direction but for the Sf.
Folks. I'm a big coffee lover, so really keen, we're gonna be out next week. But if you've got any recommendations on.
Coffee spots near the near the office, or downtown. We've heard coffee is the place to go, but any other recommendations would love to hear your thoughts.
That's Acadena.
You have any for us. Yeah. Is the Sf. Native on the team.
So you guys.
Thank you.
Yeah. Born. And raised.
No.
Yeah, I'll definitely send you some wrecks. I can't think of them off the top of my head, but I'll send them your way.
Perfect. Thank you, you know. Will is just for a coffee in this cohort, because I drink monster like that's not great, but I do so he's just desperate for a coffee lover. So anyone wants to go for coffee with Will. He'll be very happy. Yeah.
I will out myself as a coffee, so I'm with you on that.
To the Gram, to the Gram to the degree I'm with you.
Willie, from Melbourne.
Adelaide, boy.
Was it Nahu.
You bet. Yeah.
I like, okay, I'm in Melbourne right now.
Aye.
I recognized the copy.
Yeah.
It sounds like Kevin wants to be a buddy.
Okay, there's a few of us. Yeah.
If anyone's a monster lover we can.
Awkward, cool, going back on mute.
Okay, remind me how to say your name, is it.
It's all.
Or okay, or.
It's a way, it's a weird one. My question is basically about galvanize. It? Does that come with? Does that place come with like a.
You know.
Some sort of facility where we can exercise or.
That do we have any good recommendations, for, you know spots to exercise, I guess.
That is a good question, George. I remember you said they have like a locker room with showers, but I don't think they have a gym. Is that correct?
Yeah, I don't think they have it, Jim.
Yeah. No. Jim.
Yeah.
But there, I promise you, there will be like, probably like 5, right around, because it's right in the area where a bunch of people are working. And so I know that there are going to be a bunch of little gyms or a bunch of lunch spots when you walk out there all these like tech professionals walking around. So it's very much in like the work district.
Yeah, we'll we'll work your brand. It's on you to work your body.
I love that question, though. Cause taking care of yourself is a huge deal. I I will talk to you guys countless times about making sure you're exercising, sleeping, eating all of that, because you'll be surprised of how many people that falter during program.
Alright!
How do I say your name?
Cure, injury.
Karim.
Yup, I couldn't get I Butam is the short for.
Okay.
I have a question about neighborhoods, and where we.
Where do you guys recommend that we stay? I've been asking around
Where we should say whether we should be in downtown
San Francisco or Berkeley, or should we try somewhere a little bit outside.
What are people's recommendations? Where are.
Where's everyone else staying.
So we made a little guide for you. Of the only the only part that we think you shouldn't stay in is the tender line, and some of the like kind of veins that outspread from that. So within San Francisco kind of close to the office, there will be an area that you wanna make sure you don't stay in. A lot of founders will accidentally stay there because you you like the cheap rates. But you'll see like the rates go down much, much lower when you're over there, so be careful of that, and check out the guide. We made.
But I'm interested in all of the natives here who live in San Francisco. If maybe you can help.
Yeah, I'm happy to. I've lived here.
5 years now I'm happy to talk neighborhoods. I live right near Golden Gate Park. So I you know, when we get set up tomorrow on Base camp. I can send you a few recommendations for some some areas that I think are nice, and I've worked in the the dog patch a lot. So I know the area well.
I disagree with Neil. You're commuting over the bridge. That's crazy. Get a place in San Francisco, Berkeley, or Oakland. That's a long commute of the traffic.
Yeah, I I mean, I agree with you. I'm not doing it by choice. It's it's more of a.
You know I got I got that card, and I just gotta deal with it. Now.
They're great places to live. It's just you. You better like, you know, taking an Uber for A while, or have great podcasts in your car.
Oh, yeah.
If you also at, like Facebook, Sf, roommate groups, there's a lot of sublets around this time as well. Generally like pretty good areas. I mean, Sf is only 7 miles wide, so.
There's only so many words you can be in, but I.
Re repeat the thought of like tenderloins. Stay out of Oakland's a little bit far. But yeah, there's a lot of subless during this time. That's perfect for the timing of this program, as well.
Also.
Yeah. Go. Ahead. Sorry.
I'm in Knob Hill, and I'm walkable to the to the Tech Stars office. So.
I like, I like, kind of area.
Yeah, I was just gonna like someone who's been looking around the homes around the you know, Sf, area.
Like the like. You bet to be quick, I guess, because in my experience they.
Constantly change. They come, they go especially since you know.
The kids around the block also, announced the cohort in, you know, right in the middle of San Francisco, over the 1st time.
You know, if you can get a deal going.
You probably should, because it felt like I. I was looking at the home one day, and then the next day it was completely gone.
I love that. See, we're already helping each other. That was a great question. I'm sure a lot of people were wondering.
Any other final questions. Before I go over some announcements.
And if you remember something later, you can ask me. Tomorrow I'll have a little question at the start of every call.
Okay.
Can we pull the slides back up.
Alright!
Next slide.
Okay. So tomorrow session. So I've talked a lot about the base camp onboarding. But I haven't talked about the second session. We're gonna have tomorrow.
So as I put in the email, I wrote it out for you as well as our Ceos, who are on the Google Calendar. You'll see there's this.
12 to 1 30 Pm. Pst. Session called. So. What are you building? This is a new session, we added. I'm extremely excited about it because the last cohort asked for this and said that it's something you guys would like. It's so that you can introduce your company's to one another in depth to actually tell each other what you're working on. They said that without that it seems like it takes a couple of weeks to truly like, get what each other is working.
On so the sooner that you can like understand it, the more you can start helping each other sharing ideas things like that. So what you'll want to prepare.
It's super low key. It's not like any sort of formal thing, so you can just like wing it if you don't have time.
But you'll have 4 min with or without slides, like if you want to show pictures of something you can 4 min to present anything you'd like about your company, anything you'd like your classmates to know.
So it's not for us. We already in depth know what your company is pretty well, because we had to present them. But for your classmates what would be helpful for them to know? What do you want them to understand about who you're targeting, what you're building? Why, you're building it things like that, and then we'll have time for a like 2 questions each.
So we'll let some of your classmates ask you a couple of questions about the business, and then we'll move on, so we'll do 4 min each with or without slides. You can show visuals if you want and we'll just hear from each other, and it'll be pretty fun. I'm really excited for it. I wanted to give you a heads up in case you wanted to prepare.
That'll be at noon tomorrow.
Cool.
Okay, next, slide.
Okay, let's review your pre-programmed. So you're gonna await the second pre program. Update. That will be coming by Wednesday. It might come on Tuesday. That will have the program handbook that each of you is expected to read in its entirety. There's a lot of information we did not cover in this session because it's just more tedious and in the weeds. So it's expected that you read that it's pretty short. It's like 5 pages.
Team reflection exercise is going to be something that we'll send to you. That's just going to be a short.
One to 2 h.
Meeting you should have with your team to reflect on some things and consider some questions. We'll give you. You'll also get the pre-programmed prep. Week to schedule written out, and a couple more things.
Some highlights of.
To dos. Reviewing the mattress interview by Wednesday. Neil has asked that. You guys review that I linked it in the email. I know you all listened to it during the selection process. That's how you got here. That was a while ago. So go back. Listen to it again. And just remember, because we're gonna be referencing it a lot. So if you don't remember
The customer's story as well. Things like that, ways that Bob asks these questions. All of that is going to get analyzed. And if it's not fresh in your brain. It's gonna be a little hard to follow the workshop.
Starting on Wednesday.
Remember to order your welcome kits and complete the class roster and then start working on your prework packets.
I think there's 1 more side.
So the rest of this week we're gonna give you base camp access. You'll introduce your company to each other. We'll then go into customer discovery immersive week.
We'll hit you back to back with 3 customer discovery workshops and just completely immerse you into the framework. It's going to be a lot of learning, but I think it's going to be so fun. That's Neil and my favorite thing to teach. And it's really the bread and butter of our program. Then the fall.
I think it's not. It's not a mistake to say that. I mean, we. We go deeper on that than any program anywhere like there's no program that comes even close, I think, even throughout Texars they spend a good 2 h on it in one session, but for us we.
Do at least 4, probably more.
Oh, yeah, plus presentations and one on one help.
Yeah.
It's honestly a good.
Quarter of our program. It's very important to us, because that's the cornerstone of your business. You're literally building this.
Leads to sales.
Yeah.
Problem.
Exactly.
Sales is everything. We're here to help you build investable fundable businesses, and part of that is making money.
So.
Then following week we'll do project management. We'll go over Krs. And then Chloe will follow up with goal setting meetings with you all. I'll do my business blueprint workshop, which is kind of a follow up to customer discovery. It's 1 of my favorites, and then there's a new workshop. That all of tech stars is getting that I will be presenting to you guys, which is assumptions and experimentation. And that one will also kind of cover a little bit about spending.
So that is our week, and next week.
I'm really excited for you guys. We will meet back here. Can you go to the next slide?
Oh, go! One more!
Okay, we will meet back here at noon. Pst, so that's in 40 min via gather round. So.
Chloe's gonna put the link in the chat.
Right here, and we'll also add it to the calendar. Invite for 12 Pm. But just go ahead and save this link. This is a special like platform where we're gonna do icebreakers together. We do it every program. So just kind of open this in a tab or copy this. We'll join it at noon.
And then one more link. Can you go back one side.
One more link is, we have a very rudimentary company. Lookbook for you guys, keep it super super confidential, but it just has some one-liners, and like a little bit more about each of you, so that you guys can get to know each other before tomorrow. We'll drop that link in the chat, as well.
Chloe.
But yes, this gather round Link. Make sure you save that, and we will not be joining Zoom. We'll just go straight into there at noon, so have a nice lunch break. It was so great to meet all of you. I'm so excited, so I hope that you guys are.
Hope we started this off right? Yeah.
Nice to see you.
I'm hope, feeling good.
Awesome. Thank you. Nice to meet you. Everyone see you soon.
Bye.
Aye.